the old home town looks the same as I
step down from the Train and therapy
he's my mom
down the road
yes
smiling sweetly it's good to touch the
green
yes there are
this
the green green grass
- I get and you remind me so much of
myself the thing is now listen to me
stay focused keep your eyes on the prize
on that performance you're in next
week's semifinal nature
Bruno you must have something to add oh
I do
daring guessing doing the foxtrot with
the wow factor
very very smart very difficult us to do
on the American smooth way the lift
Kenny's there what you have spinach or
something each you've got the final you
can smell the final Kenya and you're
going through don't mention factor again
okay
Oh crane probably right you know come
such a long way you really have from the
beginning of this series to now and yes
all thanks to Camilla for that I know
good and your hard work obviously very
smooth very very confident performance I
thought a class act
nobody to get through you need to take
care of your hands because this is why
we love him right okay Arlene well I was
going to say oh good
that was a shamelessly sentimental
smooth but beautifully does the miracle
boy is not a one-week wonder but I
absolutely agree we pray O God to open
his hands and I'm telling you to work on
your hands now it can you same thing
about these pigeon-toed when he goes
back I would have understood you're
talking but what you're saying is right
love isn't all right okay anyway we all
loved it anyway Craig Revel Horwood No